Days calendar project

There are some commemorative days which occur annually, but not on a fixed date.

For example, Ada Lovelace Day happens on the second Tuesday every October.

The date that it occurs is different every year. But it has a fixed pattern.

We have supplied a JSON file (days.json) which contains descriptions of several of these days.

The goal of this project is to present this data usefully to users.

Requirements
This may be an individual or a team project - your class leaders will tell you which you are doing. If it is a team project, they will also tell you how the groups will work.

Some of the requirements of this project are only required if you are working in a group of at least a certain size.

You must submit both a link to your GitHub repo, and a link to the deployed website.

Your website must be hosted on the internet, and must be automatically deployed when you merge changes to your GitHub repo.

You must be able to explain every line of code in your project, even ones other people in your group wrote.

Requirements for everyone
Regardless of your group size, you must:

Create an HTML page which, when loaded, displays a calendar.
The calendar must show every day of the current month, each as a rectangle. Each row of rectangles must show one week. The first column must show Mondays. The first day of the month must be shown in the first row.
There must be two buttons which, when clicked, switch what is displayed. One button must change the display to the previous month. The other button must change the display to the next month. On repeated clicks, these buttons must keep moving back/forwards in time, one month per click.
There must be a way to jump to a particular month and year, e.g. "October 2020". For example, you could use a <select> tag for each of the month name and a reasonable range of years.
The days from the JSON file must appear correctly when the month they fall in is displayed. For example:
If October 2024 is being shown, October 8th must show Ada Lovelace Day.
If October 2025 is being shown, October 14th must show Ada Lovelace Day.
The calendar should work for every year - if someone goes to 1900, or 2050, or any other year, the commemerative days should be correctly displayed.
The calendar must be dynamically generated by reading the JSON file. You must not hard-code any days in the HTML file.
Other than the above styling requirements, no styling is required.
Requirements for groups of at least 2
As well as all previous requirements, you must:

Produce a script that can be run in a terminal via node, which outputs to standard out (via calls to console.log) an iCal format file containing entries for every day in the JSON file. You must not use recurring events. There must be one entry per commemorative day per year from 2020 until 2030 (inclusive).
If you save this output to an .ics file, and import it into Google Calendar, it should show the days correctly in the calendar. There is a suggested workflow for testing this listed below.
Logic for calculating dates must be shared between the web generator and the iCal generator.
Requirements for groups of at least 3
As well as all previous requirements, you must:

Fetch a description of the day from the URL supplied in the JSON file.
In the HTML page, if you click on a listed commemorative day, the page should show a description of the day, for instance in the calendar event or as a modal dialog in the page.
In the iCal file, the DESCRIPTION field should contain the description of the day.
How to test Google Calendar imports
Go to https://calendar.google.com

We recommend you create a new empty calendar for testing. To do this:

In the bar on the left next to "Other Calendars", click the "+" and then "Create new calendar".
Give your calendar a name like "Test calendar".
Import your .ics file into the calendar. To do this:

In the bar on the left next to "Other Calendars", click the "+" and then "Import".
Select your test calendar from the "Add to calendar" drop down".
Select the .ics file you have created.
Press "Import".
Each time you do this, you probably want to delete your Test calendar, and create a new one.

